Readme
### How to install the application
 To install the application, go to the website https://github.com/Cooliomoded/Group-Project/tree/master. From here, fork the application. In your terminal, clone the application by using “git clone”. Once it has been cloned on your terminal, do “bundle install” to ensure all the gems are there and the environment is set up correctly.
### Using the CLI application
To run the application, type “ruby bin/run.rb” into the terminal to start the CLI.
Throughout the CLI application, the CLI will ask for user input. The application will give the user different prompts to follow and different pathways based on the user input. Once the user gives an input, the CLI will go to the method that is attached to the user input and give another prompt for the user to respond to. The CLI follows this cycle until the user quits the run.rb. The user has many paths they can go through. The hero path and the villain path have the same methods and same overall paths, but just different dialogue.
### Walkthrough 
The CLI will first prompt "Press 1 to play as a Hero. Press 2 to play as a Villain.". The user chooses either 1 or 2 to play on their respected side. The CLI will then ask the user to press 1 to choose a hero/villain from the list in the seed data or press 2 to generate their own hero/villain with customizable attributes. For this walkthrough, the user goes down the path of an user created Hero. This is one of many paths the user can go through. The hero path and the villain path have the same methods and same overall paths, but just different dialogue.
The CLI will go to the generate_hero_name method and prompt "What is your hero's given name?" The user you will type in a name. Once it is confirmed by the user, the CLI will go to the generate_hero_alter_ego(hero) method and ask the user to type and confirm in an alter ego. The CLI will go to the generate_hero_alter_ego(hero) method where the user will type in an alter ego. This will lead to the generate_hero_super_power(hero) method. The user will type and confirm a super power. The CLI will go to generate_hero_power_level(hero) method. This method will give a random integer to be the hero’s power level (ie. attack power), the user can choose to get a new random power level and confirm it. This will open up the generate_hero_resistance(hero) which will follow the same steps as power level. This will prompt generate_hero_hp(hero) method and does the same steps but for the hero’s health points. 
The CLI will prompt generate_hero_gender(hero), then generate_hero_race(hero), generate_hero_origin_story(hero), then generate_hero_nemesis(hero). Each method asks the user for a string for that specific attribute. Once these attributes have been confirmed by the user, the hero is now fully created.
The generate_your_hero_battle(hero) method will ask the user to “Press 1 to fight a Villain from the list. Press 2 to generate a random Villain." For this example the user will press 1. choose_villain_from_list(hero) method will display all the villains from villain seed. The user will type in and confirm the number of the villain they want to battle. This will start the hero_battle_sequence(hero, villain) method.
The hero_battle_sequence(hero, villain) method will run the attack method which lowers the hero’s and villain’s hp based on their power level and resistance. A victor will be decided once either of the fighter’s health reaches 0. If the hero loses, the hero will be deleted and the game will be over. If the hero won, the hp of the hero and villain will reset and villain will be put into an insane asylum.
After winning, the user is brought to the main menu where the user can choose to 1. Fight Another Villain, 2. Check Battle Record, 3. Rename Hero, 4. Hero Stats, 5. Quit.
Pressing 1 will bring the user back to the generate_your_hero_battle(hero) method and go through the steps again. Pressing 2 will show all the battle objects made and their attributes. Pressing 3 will let the user update their alter ego and then bring the user back to the menu. Pressing 4 will show all the hero attributes. Pressing 5 will end run.rb
There is a path where the user can choose a hero instead of creating a hero which will jump to the generate_your_hero_battle(hero) method and will follow the same steps from there. If the user chose to be a villain at the beginning, the user will have the same paths but for villain instead of hero.
We hope you enjoy our Battle Simulator Game
From Davis and Chandler
Link to the faker generators used https://github.com/faker-ruby/faker

# in config/environment.rb add this line:
ActiveRecord::Base.logger = nil